just in the 1980s and not too far from
from here in Austin we have the story of
the FBI operations against Seay spis the
committee and solidarity with the people
of El Salvador and it turns out some
more than 200 other religious labor and
community groups and we know something
about that because the man who blew the
whistle on the program a man named Frank
verelli who infiltrated sis passed on
the payroll of the FBI has talked in
sworn affidavits and testimony before
Congress four congressional committees
and in court and Verrilli tells a very
important story his assignment in
infiltrating si spis was not primarily
to get information about Sisyphus as
objectionable as that is the assignment
in the words of the FBI higher-ups was
quote/unquote to break to break Sisyphus
to destroy the movement against US
intervention in Central America and
Farrelly has talked about some of the
things that he and other people in the
FBI did to that end they put out phony
publications bogus publications that
they had written circulated in the name
of Sisyphus in order to alienate people
who might otherwise have become involved
a discredits isthmus in the communities
that it worked in they broke into the
homes and offices and cars of Cistus
members they hired right-wing students
to disrupt rallies and other public
events that Cistus was holding but
rarely testifies that he was told to
seduce a nun who was a leader of the
Dallas Texas chapter of C spis so that
the FBI could obtain blackmail photos it
was suggested that he plant guns and
Cistus members and he testifies that he
and other agents routinely exchanged
information about both US and Central
American activists with the Salvadoran
national guard which means in fact
that's with the death squads exactly
with the death squads in that country
and this is an example from the 1980s of
covert
generally have a kind of covert action
for which the CIA has become rightly
infamous